Mr. Li, have you thought of a plan?
Just wait and see.
Since we want to cooperate
Should Lord Wang show a little sincerity?
Citi Moon is my man
If he is at fault
Please leave it to us, it's natural.
Well, and that little girl
Your Majesty
This little girl used to be the princess of my dragon
It still works for me.
Since he is no longer the princess under the dragon
That means he's useless
Leave him to us
But a cooperation has just been reached.
Lord Wang doesn't believe us anymore
I thought there was some sincerity
Do you want to cooperate with us?
Lord Wang has a happy cooperation for both of us.
You'd better listen to my adults
Besides, we've all worked together
It doesn't matter who the hostage is handed over to
Lord Wang has foresight
must succeed
Did you see it?
Tiandou has cooperated with the Wang family
What reason do you have not to report to Lord Wang now?
service
Did you not hear the premise he said?
Only by not violating Long Shuai can we cooperate.
When did I agree to cooperate with you?
King of Heaven
What do you mean?
Wang Chongyang, you have been fooled